# Readme Web-APIs-Challenge-Code-Quiz-module04project 04
IMAGE--- startQuizPage.PNG
This project was particularly challenging for me. First, it was going well, and then I ran into one big problem with JavaScript. Which maybe I needed to take care of in the HTML, I’m not sure. I tried to get help from three different people, and it still isn’t resolved, so it may still be a work in progress. I got to the point where you can click on the button on the start page to start page. Then when it changes screens, it starts counting down with the timer, but it wouldn’t show me any of the questions. I spent over 24 hours trying to fix this problem and reading multiple websites, and reworking my code. I spent my whole weekend trying to get past this point. And finally, I had to move on to writing I read me. This project, or what you see of it, is built on JavaScript, sweat, my very basic understanding of APIs, and literal tears. This will be a completed project, but it might not be by 11:59 pm on July 11th, 2021. But I guess that’s how we learn to code. Hours of coding, researching, more coding, sometimes crying (that’s just what I do I cry), my two-year-old sitting on the floor by me and saying, “it’s ok mama, you are ok mama,” and then I felt even worse because I feel like I have been neglecting him lately during Bootcamp.
Not really, but while I need to study the needs and wants of his mom. And here he is telling me it’s ok. Even though I am admitting to crying over my project, I do love coding. It’s like a puzzle to me. And I want to solve it. I am just also hungry, and I have been missing all of my family events lately. And I have a high bar for myself. I want to get A’s, and my last grades have been b’s and a c-. So I am trying not to let that lower my mood. 
I set up study groups for my group. No one showed up… cool. 
But for this project, it was helpful to even Justin looking up the questions. So I got to clarify a few things that I still had questions on, and I did a lot of research trying to troubleshoot some problems I was having, so I felt like I was learning more even though as of right now I still haven’t fixed all of my problems.
What is created here is a timed quiz that saves high scores. The participant should be able to click the start button. A timer should appear and you should see a question pop up. Once you answer that first initial question, there should be several other questions that pop up and with each question you should see the answer. If you answered incorrectly, you would have time subtracted from the clock once you have answered all of your questions or your time reaches zero then your game is over, and when your game is over then you can enter your initials and your score. 
This Time a couple of things I tried to focus on as well we’re not spending too much time on the style or CSS per the recommendation of one of our Teays who does grading. He said that if it was him, he would rather see ugly functional code than pretty code that wasn’t functional. And I think this is maybe the first time that I might not have pretty or functional code which is so frustrating because my whole goal this time was to have perfect cold even if it was ugly I just wanted it to be functional that was my whole goal this time and I worked so hard on it. And I do plan to update this read me if I can get it fixed before it’s time to turn in my assignment, but I just wanted to make sure I had some thing. I did just about everything I could think of to try to fix my problems I looked at W3 schools I tried entering my code into Google where I was having the issue and just seeing if anything will pop up, and I looked in the chrome dev tools. I looked in Mozilla; In git hub, I tried running debuggers, But that was confusing because I just really don’t understand the debuggers yet. 
I think that actually caused me more problems because I tried to use them and I tried to make some of the fixes but one of them was telling me to do and I just clicked and clicked and clicked and then I didn’t understand what it had done and it changed a bunch of things and I just had to delete everything I had done and start back for where I had been about two hours before that. So I’ve been learning some lessons the hard way this weekend.
I also realized because I watched a lot of videos and looked at many hub repositories watched a lot of videos on YouTube looked back through our lessons we’ve been doing recently. I realized after talking with the Teays an office hours this week that this project could just have been done so many ways and ultimately maybe I just didn’t go about mine the easiest way so maybe that was my problem I’m not sure but but that was one of the biggest things I saw is that there were so many ways this could have been done. And I tried hundreds at least hundreds of fixes 